Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, how's it going
Alex Mancini: Good. Are you good you like comfortable
Alex Mancini: Bed.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so this session. I'm just going to ask you a lot of background questions.
Alex Mancini: Some of them, you might have been asked before.
But, um, I just need it for.
Alex Mancini: Inspired. So that's one a little bit about why you started with bright heart like give me a little bit of like your background and what brought you to bright heart.
Alex Mancini: I went through a outpatient program with Azure acres up here in March or late early March.
Alex Mancini: And a gal that was there was me and one other girl that was there. She wasn't not a girl. She's almost 60
Alex Mancini: She and I were the only two on opiates there and she said that she was going to you guys. Anyways, I ended up relapsing and then I
Alex Mancini: Decided to
Alex Mancini: Come, do the Suboxone program and I tried to do it without it the first time, and obviously that wasn't working right.
Shawn Phalen: Um, how long have you been on the Suboxone
Alex Mancini: Now, yeah.
Alex Mancini: Almost two months, it'll be two months on like the system.
Alex Mancini: Okay. And how's it going good. Really good. Yeah. Yeah. No, no cravings, no nothing. Okay, that's great.
Alex Mancini: And so you are using opiates. We know yeah
Okay. And how long were you on axes.
Alex Mancini: I'm off and on, since I was like 17
Alex Mancini: And then really on from like
Alex Mancini: 22 to
Alex Mancini: 24
Alex Mancini: Okay.
So when was your last relapse.
Alex Mancini: July.
Alex Mancini: March to July early July. And then used from July until middle of the summer.
And any other drugs business overseas.
Alex Mancini: That I've done in general or that I had a problem with
Alex Mancini: That you did. You had a problem I think any none.
Alex Mancini: None. None, and drinking. No. Okay. And do you smoke weed.
Alex Mancini: Every once in a while, I will like when I can't sleep. I'll take these little five milligram CBD THC with melatonin. I'll take half of one of those and all not to, but I don't really get stone from it. But, and are you working
Alex Mancini: Not at the moment. Now, okay, and we working before. Yeah.
Alex Mancini: I was mechanic.
Alex Mancini: And are you gonna go back to work. Eventually liquid. Sure. Yeah. Yeah.
Alex Mancini: Well, I lost my job because I had to take like a week off in order to, like, get off the fucking oxy us and I can get on this box on I take like a week off in there.
Alex Mancini: Anyway, I ended up losing my dog because of that. So,
Alex Mancini: Yeah, okay. And are you looking for work right now.
Alex Mancini: Oh, yeah.
Alex Mancini: Mechanic jacket. Okay. And then what about school. What's the highest level that you High school. High school. High school 12th grade. Yeah, the pack.
Alex Mancini: And then tell me what's your living situation like where do you, who do you live with. I was living by myself. And then when I decided to get on the spot on it moved in with my mom.
Alex Mancini: Just to kind of have that like support system around me. So I moved in here.
Alex Mancini: And that's I'm rocking it for now. And are you close to mom extremely. Yeah. Okay. And do you have any siblings.
Alex Mancini: Yes, but not in the picture, not in the picture. Okay. And his dad in the picture. No.
Have you heard about any depression like
Alex Mancini: Not really.
Alex Mancini: When I was using I kind of felt the press for a while but like that's was generated because of my use right any suicidal. No. Okay.
And we're not any anxiety.
Alex Mancini: Every once while have select social anxiety, but that's it. Like there's like like going to a bar or something in the bar will be packed full of people. I got a freak out.
Alex Mancini: Just because there's so many people in such like a little area type thing.
Okay, um, any legal issues.
Alex Mancini: Yeah.
Me.
Alex Mancini: More than likely, I'm not to do like 30 days in jail and then do an inpatient program for like 60 days ish
Do you know when. Okay, so what happened that you're having 30 days.
Alex Mancini: Um, well, it really wasn't from my use. It was like a family issue.
Alex Mancini: My dad gave me
Alex Mancini: Some he sold the house gave me the money for it. My sister who has power of attorney now found out about it and got mad that my sisters weren't getting any of it.
Alex Mancini: And then said that I took it without him knowing which is kind of ridiculous, but said that I took it from him without him knowing and since she has power of attorney over it. She kind of
Alex Mancini: got away with it.
Alex Mancini: Because it doesn't really doesn't really matter what he says.
So is that what are they charging
Alex Mancini: Elder abuse.
Alex Mancini: Theft theft from an elder
Alex Mancini: In something else, but I'm gonna plead out so it'll be less than that.
And
Alex Mancini: He was pissed up my sisters for doing it. He lives with one of my sisters
Alex Mancini: So I can't really like go down there and see him, obviously.
Alex Mancini: But yeah, he was upset about it. But like I said, there's in reality, there's nothing that you can really do anymore.
Alex Mancini: So, um, were you close to your Dad at 1.0 extremely. Okay. So, yeah, you don't have contact with them right now. Not right now. No. Is it, are you gonna lie to because I don't know. I don't know.
Alex Mancini: I would assume not. Yeah, probably.
Alex Mancini: And then once the sentencing. Do you have another court date set. Next one is February the 27th.
Alex Mancini: Not entirely sure when exactly the sentencing is. But that's the next court today.
Alex Mancini: For sure they're gonna give you 30 years. No, not for sure, but that was just what was talking about. Yeah, okay.
Shawn Phalen: So it's kind of interesting. They want to give you 60 days in patient
Alex Mancini: Even though I'm already doing this.
Alex Mancini: Maybe that can be thrown out the window to, you know, yeah. Because I, I believe that you guys sent my attorney like that bright heart sent my attorney, the proof that I'm in the program. And what I'm doing.
Alex Mancini: And then obviously you guys test me so that's there to
Alex Mancini: Me and then I also got the thing from Azure saying that I did their program as well. Okay, so I don't know. Okay, so tell me, why did you start using odysseys.
Alex Mancini: Honestly, I wasn't lead original or originally I started off with like Narcos um
Alex Mancini: That was in high school.
Alex Mancini: Just playing sports like tore my knee really bad still messed up. So initially, that was why
Alex Mancini: And then
Alex Mancini: Enjoy obviously enjoyed the high from it. So we do it off and on.
Alex Mancini: Because of that,
Alex Mancini: And then a couple years ago was like really picked up and I was in like a terrible relationship.
Alex Mancini: And kind of use that to have as numb myself from that.
Alex Mancini: And then it just got out of hand. Yeah.
Alex Mancini: Yeah. Okay. How many, how many boxes, would you take a day.
Alex Mancini: At the end like seven where they prescribed your you just buying them off. I was just, I was buying them.
WHAT DID THEY GO FOR NOW ON THE STREET.
Alex Mancini: A lot of that depends on how many are buying if you buy a lot of them that's less if you buy like a couple of them. You're paying like $45 piece for an oxy 30
Alex Mancini: Yeah.
Alex Mancini: What sports did you play in high school football, baseball
Alex Mancini: Yeah, I have a torn meniscus and then partially torn ACL my right knee.
Alex Mancini: Yeah, and they didn't want to didn't want to have surgery, do a surgery until the 25 because they want me to finish growing. I haven't grown since the eighth grade. Oh really.
Alex Mancini: When you turning 25 in September.
Alex Mancini: And then you'll get the surgery, hopefully. Yeah.
Alex Mancini: Does it hurt like are you in pain. Everyone's like, when it gets really cold. It hurts really bad. Um, other than that, it's like consistently it like a to like walking around and then every once while like spike up
Alex Mancini: You know, anywhere, yeah wintertime winter time, it usually floats around like a four or five and the little spike up and then summertime. It's not that bad. Right.
Alex Mancini: Okay, any other addictive behaviors that you've been dealing nicotine, obviously.
Alex Mancini: Other than that, no.
Okay, what about, like, are you on the internet a lot you
Alex Mancini: Know like on my phone and stuff. Yeah. Anytime okay yeah like Tommy, what you do, what do you do during the day, like, Tell me what your days are like
Alex Mancini: By now do like side work for people that I know just to kind of get me through until I figure out what the hell's going on. Yeah. Like what's gonna end up happening. That's why I'm really haven't gotten gone and gotten a full time job because I don't know what's gonna end up happening.
Alex Mancini: So that if I'm not working today I'll usually hang out at my mom's house and then do things around the house for her. I'm
Alex Mancini: Just little stuff just try to keep myself busy. Are you bored every once a while. Yeah. And then like if I don't have anything going on like I'll play video games and stuff with a buddy or something like that. I'm
Alex Mancini: Kill time on my phone when I get bored.
OK.
Alex Mancini: And then do you have friends like friends that don't use. Yeah, okay.
Alex Mancini: I only have one friend that uses and he's kind of out of the picture.
Alex Mancini: But other than that, my other friends we so all my friends and I, we've been friends since we were like nine years old.
Alex Mancini: And stuff. The same friends one friend of mine is
Alex Mancini: Right now, he's living on the street, he's addicted to heroin living on the street.
Alex Mancini: So,
Alex Mancini: Yeah, when I first got into this program I text them. I like, Hey, I'm getting clean way you do it with me. I found a good spots on program and he didn't respond.
Alex Mancini: Yeah, so
Alex Mancini: Yeah.
Alex Mancini: Because he was he was living
Alex Mancini: He had he had an apartment with his girlfriend got together with this other girl who
Alex Mancini: Uses meth and heroin. He got he got on heroin and meth.
Alex Mancini: And then left his girlfriend and their apartment to be with this chick went to his mom's house they she kicked him out because he didn't want the girl there so I'm living in his Truck. Truck got impounded like a month ago now, they've been on the street, ever since.
It's a crazy, isn't it like somebody who grew up with, and
Alex Mancini: You know, they're living on the street.
That's just, it's just so sad.
Alex Mancini: That's just how powerful yep and it grabs people and it just sucks and then
Powerful
Alex Mancini: It's crazy that it can happen to anybody. Yeah, and that's the thing. It doesn't discriminate. No.
Alex Mancini: At all. It just can can take anybody and it can take them down and it can take them down so
Alex Mancini: That's like before you even realize it. It's too late. Yeah, yeah, it's too late and you don't even know what to do. Half the time conflicts don't know what to do. Yeah, most in reality, it wouldn't be hard to get off using get sick.
Shawn Phalen: Right. And I it's. Yeah, that's true. But I think it's just, it's also a matter of, like, it's just like, do I really want to get clean, I think.
Alex Mancini: People really bad, like, yeah, do I really want to. And it's just like you're living on the streets in your shit near pants are paying you're paying, you're still like one. No. No. Not really sure. Yeah. Crazy.
Shawn Phalen: I'm going to give it another day. I think
Alex Mancini: It's crazy.
So you're fortunate. So that's really good that you know
Working
Alex Mancini: Groups.
Alex Mancini: The groups.
Alex Mancini: Fine and
Alex Mancini: Do you participate when
Alex Mancini: when called upon. Yes.
Alex Mancini: Yeah okay I'm like that in life, though. Like, I don't really talk unless I'm spoken to. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Do you go to any A, A, an A or a me
Alex Mancini: Hey, I usually go to like one or two week. They're not my favorite thing I'm mainly because I kind of brings me down and really like just people complaining about everything and just it just really brings me down, for whatever reason, so I usually go to one or two a week.
Alex Mancini: And is there one that you like better. Do you like air and a better. Um, hey, yeah. Yeah, I hear that a lot. Yeah.
Alex Mancini: Just for whatever reason I've even though I'm not an alcoholic does seem to enjoy their meetings better
Shawn Phalen: Do you go to speaker meetings.
Alex Mancini: No. Well, what, what do you, what do you mean speakers.
Shawn Phalen: There speaker meetings where there's a main speaker and then the OH.
Alex Mancini: No, I have not. Those are not bad. You might really yeah I would say just that you check those out.
Sometimes they have some really amazing people that speak that have long term sobriety and they don't, um,
Alex Mancini: It's just different than a normal meeting where you're hearing people complaining and right exactly stuff that you don't like. So, um, yeah. Try and usually speaker meetings are like Friday or Saturday night. Okay.
Alex Mancini: Well, look, some of them. Yeah. If it's a good meeting. It's packed. Okay.
Alex Mancini: I'll check it out.
Okay.
Alex Mancini: Do you have it. So, given everything that's happening, you know just what you have, you're not quite. Yeah.
Um,
It said anytime you wanted to have individual counseling, you can do that.
Alex Mancini: That will, and that was part of the reason why you and I met and I asked all these background questions because I'm one of the therapists and I so I could meet with you instead of the group. Yeah, so you'd have to do both. Yeah, okay.
Shawn Phalen: Have to do the group that's have to have to have. You don't have to do the individual counseling in less you want and sometimes it just doesn't work for people because they're working, they can
Alex Mancini: Work it into their schedule.
Shawn Phalen: Already just don't want it because they might be working with an outside counsel or two.
Alex Mancini: Could we do that then. Yeah. So do you want to set another appointment. Yeah, if we, if we can, yeah.
Alex Mancini: So when is your court date. Again, the 27th.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So what if we met on what day are you groups.
Alex Mancini: Monday Mondays at 9am
You meet at
Alex Mancini: Wednesday, February 19 at 630 yeah
Alex Mancini: Okay, so what is that that's two weeks from today. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's fine. So that'll give us a chance, just to kind of talk before the court date.
Alex Mancini: And just kind of see where you are with things. Okay, cool.
Alex Mancini: Okay. Brennan. Any questions, no final thing. So, okay, sounds good. We'll keep doing what you're doing. All right. Awesome. Thank you. Okay. Talk to you soon. All right.